yeah that was beautiful baby state your
name soldier traveller Custer's cold
after Stan said cold as in the coal
train yeah that's right where's the rest
of your squad they're sitting tight over
in the tomb we r delta squad we're here
to retrieve the sonic device and they
get you guys out of here hell yeah we've
been waiting for the charm but the
radios don't work for shit sir we
noticed it's the Cedars they're jamming
our transmissions then we have to make
those Cedars our top priority sir agreed
we need to reestablish radio contact
with control ASAP
copy that we're at the pickup zone now
we we're naughty things better time
guess you sit next to Marcus
wow you baby yeah yeah
where's ray loss
you
I am used with our progress
Katie de'longhi school
j remains the same
No
you